1. SOP for Fitpeo Homepage automation.
• Project Name: Fitpeo webpage automation Assignment
• Script Name: Navigation and interaction with webpage elements using selenium automation.
• Author: Aayush Kumar Anshul
• Date Created: 24/11/2024
• Version: Selenium webdriver 4.26 (using Pycharm) 

2. Purpose
• Objective: Navigation and interaction with webpage elements
• Scope: Navigating the homepage, checking features like revenue calculator ,slider bar, slider bar input box ,CPT codes checkbox.

3. Prerequisites
• Software: Selenium webdriver , Python,pycharm

4. Scenario Cases Covered
1. Navigate to the FitPeo Homepage:
2. Open the web browser and navigate to FitPeo Homepage.
3. Navigate to the Revenue Calculator Page:
4. From the homepage, navigate to the Revenue Calculator Page.
5. Scroll Down to the Slider section:
6. Scroll down the page until the revenue calculator slider is visible.
7. Adjust the Slider:
8. Adjust the slider to set its value to 820. we’ve highlighted the slider in red color, Once the slider is moved the bottom text field value should be updated to 820
9. Update the Text Field:
10. Click on the text field associated with the slider.
11. Enter the value 560 in the text field. Now the slider also should change accordingly
12. Validate Slider Value:
13. Ensure that when the value 560 is entered in the text field, the slider's position is updated to reflect the value 560.
14. Again enter the value 820 in the text field.
15. Select CPT Codes:
16. Scroll down further and select the checkboxes for CPT-99091, CPT-99453, CPT-99454, and CPT-99474.
17. Validate Total Recurring Reimbursement:
18. Verify that the header displaying Total Recurring Reimbursement for all Patients Per Month: shows the value $110700.


• Function/Method Descriptions:
1. We have used Chrome web browser to show the script
2. We have used ‘pyautogui’ package to perform keyboard action keys
3. We have used XPATHs to define each element
4. For the slider bar scenario, we have used ‘drag and drop by offset’ method to move the slider to the desired position.
5. Since ‘drag and drop by offset’ method give approx position of the slider bar so we have used the ‘pyautogui’ package to perform the action keys from keyboard to move the slider bar to exact defined position as per above scenario (Case.8)
6. At last we navigated to the desired CPT codes through XPATHs and selected the checkboxes to get the desired output as per the expectations.

• Variable Definitions:
o Action chain variable is used to perform the homepage scrolling action.
o ‘pyautogui’ package is used to perform the keyboard action keys.

• Error Handling
The use of ‘drag and drop by offset’ method gives the approx. value of the slider bar, so in order to match the desired value , we used ‘pyautogui’ package is used to perform the keyboard action keys to match the exact value.

6. Execution Instructions

• Prerequisites:
1. User need to have ‘pycharm’ or ‘VS Code’ to execute the script with selenium webdriver installed.
2. User should have Chrome webdriver installed to the system with same Chrome version.

7. Expected Results
o Validate Total Recurring Reimbursement:
o Verify that the header displaying Total Recurring Reimbursement for all Patients Per Month: shows the value $110700.